what's up guys my name is met and I've
got another cheese for you this time in
the Cabal area but before I actually
show you how to do it well I actually
showed you how to do it right away
because i'm recording this after you
simply slide underneath these stairs
right here but it is safe it is useful
and you can in fact use this to cheese
you know waves where you just have to
kill things it's also effective some
watch during the boss and i'll show that
later but there are some downfalls to
this one you still can get hit and you
still take damage but you can kind of
crops down where i am right there and
you should have no problem and i
probably should actually explain all you
have to do is slide underneath now as
you see i just pulled up my go hard and
i'm going to show you that Rockets
aren't very effective here as you can
see i died so if there's kind of it a
running joke between the people that i
do youtube with the effectiveness of 12
cheddar is probably about a five now on
the boss one here i'm actually going to
show you where it is it's just to the
right here see where those like cross
beams are it's simply just jump up here
you're going to turn around and just
slide underneath it's pretty simple I
don't really need to show you how to do
it and it isn't super effective but it
is a safe spot and if you really are in
a clip situation you can slide
underneath here if anything just to stay
alive I wouldn't actively use this
cheese to like do the whole round
because I feel like it would take a
really really long time as it's not very
effective especially on the boss wave I
feel like you would get his shields back
to fast but then again you can Bob Lee
bust out some LMGs and get it down but
as you can see i am taking damage it's
not great but it works so i figured i'd
share it with you guys if you're new
here and you enjoyed this video hit that
subscribe button if you look if you guys
aren't new here or you are new here and
you liked the video hit the like button
but as always my name is Matt and I'll
see you guys tomorrow
isn't it strange isn't it change this
one isn't its change oh listen it's
change this world